🌱 Update Proxmox quick-start docs (#10777)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/user/quick-start.md

{{#tab Proxmox}}

> The Proxmox credentials are optional, when initializing the provider they can be set in the `ProxmoxCluster` resource,
> If you do not set them here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Proxmox credentials are optional, when creating a cluster they can be set in the `ProxmoxCluster` resource,
if you do not set them here.
```
